COUNTING CROWS - MR JONES
A4 Tab by Matt Frear http://www.a4tab.net

INTRO
sha la la la la la yeah oh oh

VERSE
Am                    F
I was down at the New Amsterdam
Dm                  G
staring at this yellow haired girl
Am                           F             G
Mr. Jones strikes up a conversation with a black haired flamenco dancer
She dances while his father playes guitar.  
She's suddenly beautiful
We all want something beautiful man I wish I was beautiful

So come dance this silence down through the morning.  sha la la la la la
Cut up Maria!  Show me some of them spanish dancing
Pass me a bottle, Mr. Jones 
Believe in me Help me believe in anything
Cause I want to be someone who believes yeah

CHORUS
C    F             G
Mr. Jones and me tell each other fairy tales and we
Stare at the beautiful women
"She's looking at you.  Ah no, no she's looking at me."
Smiling in the bright lights Coming through in stereo
When everybody loves you, you can never be lonely

I'm gonna paint my picture Paint myself in blue red black n grey
All of the beautiful colors are very very meaningful
(You know) Grey is my favorite color I felt so symbolic yesterday
If I knew Picasso I would buy myself a grey guitar and play

Mr. Jones and me look into the future Stare at the beautiful women
"She's looking at you.  Uh, I don't think so.  She's looking at me."
Standing in the spotlight I bought myself a grey guitar
When everybody loves me, I will never be lonely

Am              F               Am              G
I will never be lonely Said I'm never gonna be lonely
I want to be a lion Everybody wants to pass as cats
We all want to be big big stars, but we got different reasons for that.
Believe in me because I don't believe in anything
and I want to be someone to believe, to believe, to believe yeah

Mr. Jones and me stumbling through the barrio
Yeah we stare at the beautiful women
"She's perfect for you, Man, there's got to be Somebody for me."
I wanna be Bob Dylan 
Mr. Jones wishes he was someone just a little more funky
When everybody loves you, son, that's just about as funky as you can be.

Mr. Jones and me staring at the video
When I look at the television, I want to see me staring right back at me.
We all want to be big stars, but we don't know why, and we don't know how.
But when everybody loves me, I wanna be just about as happy as I can be.
Mr. Jones and me, we're gonna be big stars